#  Swift UI Picker Bug

This is a demonstration of a problem that manifests itself in Swift UI `Picker` view if you attempt to update the data source. Consider:

```swift
Picker(selection: $viewModel.segmentedPickerValue, label: Text("")) {
    ForEach(viewModel.objects) { object in
        Text(object.string)
    }
}
.pickerStyle(SegmentedPickerStyle())
```

That works fine. As does:

```swift
List {
    ForEach(viewModel.objects) { object in
        Text(object.string)
    }
}
```

But this does not:

```swift
Picker(selection: $viewModel.wheelPickerValue, label: Text("")) {
    ForEach(viewModel.objects) { object in
        Text(object.string)
    }
}
.pickerStyle(WheelPickerStyle())
```

It would appear that the `Picker` is not correctly re-retrieving the data source generated by the `ForEach` as it does in `SegmentedPickerStyle` or in the `List`.

The salient code is found in the [`ContentView`](PickerBug/ContentView.swift#L51). This is just a view whose `@ObservedObject` is updated every three seconds. The `UIPickerView`-based control does't update, but the `List` and the `UISegmentedControl`-based control are. The fact that this is updating every three seconds is not critical ... anything that updates the `content` of the `UIPickerView` wrapped by `Picker` after the initial presentation won't get rendered correctly.

The common solution is to have the `View` remove the picker and then re-add it (e.g. with some secondary `@Published` property indicating whether it is loading or not), but that's kludgy and is just a work-around this bug. 

I’m running Xcode 11.4.1 (11E503a) on Catalina 10.15.4 (19E266) on MacBook Pro (15-inch, 2018). The behavior manifests in both devices and simulators, but in iOS 13 only. 

---

In Xcode 12.0 beta 1 (12A6159), on iOS 14 beta 1, this appears to have been fixed.

---

April 20, 2020

Copyright (c) 2020 Rob Ryan. All Rights Reserved.

See [License](LICENSE.md).
